---
title: Sec 1 Posting Day 2023
permalink: /prospective-students/secondary-admission/sec-1-posting-day-2023/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Secondary Admission
---
<h1><strong>Sec 1 Posting Day 2023 - 20th December 2023</strong></h1><h3><strong>A letter from our Principal.</strong></h3><p>Dear Parents/Guardians,</p><p>Welcome to SCGS!</p><p></p><p>Thank you for choosing us as your partner in developing your daughter/ward in her formative years!&nbsp; As a school, SCGS has a long history, a rich heritage and a tradition of excellence in all-round student development.&nbsp;We are committed&nbsp;to giving our&nbsp;students&nbsp;a quality, values-based holistic education, moulding them to become <em>kim geks</em> for the future. Opportunities will be provided for her to be groomed into a world-ready and principled leader of character and relevance.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p>Registration is required to confirm your daughter’s/ward’s admission into SCGS in 2024. You will receive a message via Parents Gateway (PG) on Wed 20 December&nbsp;2023 from 2pm onwards.</p><p>A&nbsp;<strong>unique link</strong>&nbsp;for registration to confirm your daughter/ward’s place in SCGS in 2024. Complete this by&nbsp;5pm on Thu 21 December.&nbsp;</p><p>The first day of school will be&nbsp;Tues 2 January 2024.&nbsp;School starts at 7:40am.&nbsp;Please report to school by 7.20am and make your way to the main lobby. Our prefects and peer leaders will guide the students to&nbsp;their assembly venue.</p><p>We have a&nbsp;4-day&nbsp;Orientation Programme planned for&nbsp;your daughter/ward.&nbsp;The details of her Orientation Group and host class will be sent to you via PG by 29 December 2023.&nbsp;</p><p>Do familiarise your daughter/ward with the public transport route between school and home.&nbsp;The school is conveniently located along the Downtown Line and the Thomson-East Coast Line (Stevens Station). We are also serviced by buses plying Whitley and Dunearn Roads.&nbsp;</p><p>Once again, thank you for choosing SCGS. We look forward to&nbsp;working with you&nbsp;on your daughter’s/ward’s secondary education.&nbsp;</p><p>It leaves me to wish you Season’s Greetings and a Happy&nbsp;2024!&nbsp;</p><p>Yours sincerely,<br>Linda Chan (Mrs)<br>Principal&nbsp;</p><h3><strong>Registration for Secondary 1 2024</strong></h3><p><strong>Mode of Registration &amp; Notification:</strong>&nbsp; Parents Gateway<br><strong>Platform for Registration:</strong> Online Form Registration Link sent via Parents’ Gateway.</p><p>2024 Sec 1 students will <u>not</u> need to report physically to school.&nbsp;</p><p>Parents will receive a message via Parents’ Gateway (PG) to register with the school and confirm acceptance of their daughter’s posting to SCGS.</p><p>Please ensure that you have registered and updated your password for access to PG.</p><p>This message will contain:<br>1. A unique link* for registration and acceptance of the offer of a place in SCGS.<br>2. Documents giving general information about the school (School Hours)<br>3. Information about the First Day of School and Orientation.<br>4. Administrative Instructions (eg: Application for Car Decal &amp; ID passes etc..)</p><p>[* <em>This </em><strong><em>unique link</em></strong><em> to a registration form will be sent to you. Each link contains information relevant only to your daughter. (eg: Eligibility for Third Language, Higher Mother Tongue etc .. )</em>] Please <strong>DO NOT SHARE</strong> this link in your chat groups as students will receive different options.</p><p>Parents will receive notifications <strong>at different times</strong> as the options for students are different.</p><p>Parents will start receiving notifications via PG from 2pm on Wed 20 December. Contact the School only if you have not received this registration link by 4.30pm.</p><p>Complete your registration by 5pm on Thu 21 December.</p><p></p><h3><strong>Purchase of Books and Uniforms</strong></h3><p>Opening Hours:&nbsp;<br>December 21, 22, 23, 26 and 27, 9am – 3pm&nbsp;</p><p>Do make an appointment before you come down via the link below.<br><a href="https://www.picktime.com/scgs2023" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">www.picktime.com/scgs2023</a></p><p></p><h3><strong>Appeals</strong></h3><p>Students who are unsuccessful in the posting exercise may appeal for entry into SCGS only if their PSLE scores meet the cut-off AL in the Posting Exercise. Students who do not meet the cut-off AL on posting day are ineligible for appeal.</p><p>The appeal for entry form will be activated for download only on posting day.</p><p>If you would like to appeal to join SCGS, please fill in this online form:<br><a href="https://go.gov.sg/appeals2023" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://go.gov.sg/appeals2023</a></p>